bpo-38835: Don't use PyFPE_START_PROTECT and PyFPE_END_PROTECT (#17231)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2019-11-18-16-37-49.bpo-38835.-U4se1.rst

> ``PyFPE_START_PROTECT()`` and ``PyFPE_END_PROTECT()`` macros are empty: they

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``PyFPE_START_PROTECT()`` and ``PyFPE_END_PROTECT()`` macros are empty: they
```

> do nothing for one year, stop using them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
have been doing nothing for the last year, so stop using them.
```
